as an activity and you're going to be,
you're going to play a really active role
in this one so
So, the first thing, first thing first,
I'm going to say a phrase, and you're
going to choose from the images, vas a
elegir de las imágenes, vas a decir qué
letra pertenece o qué flag, qué bandera,
flag, pertenece a la frase que yo voy a
decir, okay?
So, listen carefully, I'm Colombian, I'm
Colombian, I'm Colombian.
Okay, pretty good, pretty good.
Number two, I'm Caribbean, I'm Caribbean,
I'm Caribbean.
Nice.
Now, number three, I'm Ecuadorian, I'm
Ecuadorian, I'm Ecuadorian.
Excellent.
And number four, I'm Venezuelan, I'm
Venezuelan, I'm Venezuelan.
Pretty good, pretty good.
How many did you get right?
I hope all of them.
Espero que hayan sido todas.
Now, number two.
These phrases, these phrases, we have
already sent them in past lessons.
Esas frases ya las vimos en lesiones pasadas.
What we're going to do now is we're going
to have a live conversation together.
Vamos a tener una conversación aquí
juntos, ¿listo?
So, you will read and I will wait for you
and I'll tell you and answer it, okay?
Ahí te va a aparecer también lo que tú
vas a tener que leer y también lo que yo
voy a estar diciendo.
So, let's get started.
This one.
Tú comienzas.
From a big city, Sydney.
You, where are you from?
Pretty good, excellent, excellent, nice, nice.
So, remember, all of this, la mayoría te
va a tocar a ti hablar más porque eres el
que necesita practicar mucho más.
So, if you need to do this again, if you
need to practice a little bit more, si
necesitas practicar un poco más,
solamente devuélvelo e inicia de nuevo, ¿listo?
Hazlo otra vez.
Tantas veces como necesites hasta que te
sientas cómodo o cómoda.
Pretty good.
And now, listen to this audio and write
in the chat box what they say.
Escuche el audio y escribe en el chat box
qué están diciendo ellos.
Me too, so we are neighbors.
So, remember, remember that you are doing
a big and amazing progress.
Estás haciendo un progreso muy, muy bueno
y demasiado sorprendente.
So, congratulations, felicitaciones, and
I'll see you in the next class.
Bye.